Upgrade Conviva integration to be compatible with V3 version of Bitmovin iOS Player SDK (#41)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ios-analytics-conviva: README.md

To install it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'BitmovinConvivaAnalytics', git: 'https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ios-analytics-conviva.git', tag: '2.0.0'
```

Then, in your command line run:

```
pod repo update
pod install
```

### Compatibility

The 2.x versions of the Conviva Analytics Integration depends on `BitmovinPlayer` version `>= 3.0.0`.

> For `BitmovinPlayer` version `>= 2.57.1` and `< 3.0.0` please use    [v1.3.0](https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ios-analytics-conviva/tree/1.3.0) or later.

Reviewer: Nit: Should state Conviva integration version `>= 1.3.0 && < 2.0.0` IMO. It's implicit but might be worth making it explicit.

Author: Done

```swift
player.load(…);
```

## Limitations

> - The Playlist API and related use cases introduced in Player iOS SDK version 3.x.x are not supported.

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion to make clear what this is about.

```suggestion
- Tracking multiple sources within a Playlist, and related use cases, introduced in Player iOS SDK version `v3` are not supported.
```
